c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\AutofacImpl.exe.config
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\AutofacImpl.exe
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\AutofacImpl.pdb
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\obj\Debug\AutofacImpl.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\obj\Debug\AutofacImpl.exe
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\obj\Debug\AutofacImpl.pdb
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\pnawaz\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AutofacImpl\AutofacImpl\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
